Update Community slack information and resources (#3689)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/contributor-guide/contributing.md

- [Labels applied by the Community Engineering Team](#labels)
- [Contribution awards and points](#points)

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-tip}

> Connect with Magento Contributors and Maintainers, learning more about Magento contributions and special projects.  Click here to join our [Slack workspace](https://tinyurl.com/engcom-slack). Join us in [#general](https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/C4YS78WE6), follow the [#announcements](https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/C7FA71S3V), and browse for more [channels](https://devdocs.magento.com/community/resources/resources.html#community-engineering-slack)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect with Magento Contributors and Maintainers to learn more about Magento contributions and special projects. Join us in our [Slack workspace](https://tinyurl.com/engcom-slack), in the [#general](https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/C4YS78WE6) channel, follow the [#announcements](https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/C7FA71S3V), and browse for more [channels](https://devdocs.magento.com/community/resources/resources.html#community-engineering-slack)!
```
